= Yes do =
  
= maybe =

= if I ever want to distribute =

general md5 of "everything" so that you know the repo's are all in sync

change verbiage to 'repo'

fix/do the minimize to tray button

right click on folder "sync it!"

add the 2 GUI statuses...

new/real icons

no dual folder stuff, you just drop it into your local preservation folder, it goes from there (renamed it to .in_process perhaps?)
  and skips you copying it in to a local folder :P

innosetup

pick a new name
  "fake real" website
  distributable

"daemonize" startup mode

= someday/never =

ability to add a client "just transfer to it" what it requests, etc.

synchronize "a full folder, with changes"

some ability to like "let uncle jim upload you a big folder somehow" pubically that you preserve in your system

prompt to cleanup old transfer "do you still want to transfer them?"

it should be able to capture to 2 archival places, same computer

assert it "should be locked by somebody else" if there's a transfer request

assert they "have" 3G or whatever they can use to give to gdrive...

"this many are currently online"
  "each is doing this..."

warn on too many files "you should really be zipping this, buddy!"
  or ideally, warn if zipping it would be quite helpful (vs. not)

auto empty gdrive trash [etc?]
  yeah....right...
  
cleanup shutdown code it raises an exception?

better folders, don't re-mkdir them if they don't exist

gui show status updates, also warn when one client appears to be lagging

work with disconnected storage somehow...

auto 7zip
  any single files
  optionally if they just have non jpg?
  what's the best compression method here?

it should warn on transfer empty directories?

it should capture names of each capture point, make them editable, share the sum number, etc.

it should have one way of allowing "public sync" (like anonymous?)

use some type of system awesome auto notification binding to "be notified" when new files appear

use registry to "auto determine" your dropbox home, etc.

NB that I don't think XXX has ability to "add from it from anywhere" or possibly keep vanilla copies around...
  tell them

add a file list/md5's so it can double check the transfer succeeded...

auto compress videos (lossless for now)
  does it help? does it work?

keep a large YAML file of all files...
  maybe on every client [?]

it can "upload to a new candidate" that is added

auto...submit them to youtube, too?

auto upload photos to facebook, too?

git-annex?

create a youtube upload "of images one per frame" as an image backup :)

optionally "if it's bigger than x, then create new..."

this could be more cost effective than other options, using amazon's freeze...

compress, dedupe...blocks?

differential backups for large changing files [?]
  differential backup at all? :)
  no
  
look at competitors for ideas

allow for removable media

business option: "or backup to cloud"
  amazon frozen :)
  they pay, or have their own
  or their own normal amazon?
  or charge per use?

status, etc.

more "realtime" synchro...

instead of waiting for lock, clients provide a "copy your file lock acknowledged" :)
  this is more 'realtime'

fancy shmancy GUI 'recover this from here'

can right click on arbitrary directories "backup track this folder"

can limit cpu/bandwidth usage

encryption?
  optional 

allow "your brother to also sync your stuff" (hmm...just use the public part of it?
  require "shared" dropbox folder, with your brother? yeah that sounds sane...
    does gdrive sharing allow them to sync to a local folder at that point? dropbox?

able to use "just the remote API" to copy it to the temp folder, instead of having to have it installed locally [?]

try it with icloud, too, why not?

release an OS X client? :)

can use gdrive + dropbox at the same time :)

accomodate ftp

daemonizable..
  has icons at all LOL.

"client x has z files"

warn on too long directory/bad filenames in liux :)

instructions on "how to use tihs with your brother's blaze storage" or the like :)
  preferably the whole family can too
  shared dropbox folder?

periodic checking of local files

= other stuff =

list of questions to ask
real website
"you can record with a windows webcam"
